README.md, before:

# lovely little experiments
 is a collection of small projects you can run with [löve](https://love2d.org/)

### ad astra
 simple starfield rendering exploration
 - uv scrolling
 - 2d points mesh scrolling
 - 3d mesh dome rotation

### big squares
 proof of concept for "pixelart" upscaling using huge mesh and MSAA

### bit umbra
 an experiment with *sort of* stencil 2d shadows/visibility that draws 64 shadowcasting lights

### blood sample
 port of my old SDF raymarching shadertoy demo

### broad view
 mainly here to demonstrate why having a lot of drawcalls is bad for your frametime
 also shows how to render a cube without any custom shaders in love 11 if you look close enough

### codenames
 codenames implementation for playing on streams

### deferred
 deferred lighting example, assets provided by @flamendless

### filmgrain
 a simplistic decent looking film grain post-processing effect in five lines of shader code

### glowybits
 blending/postprocessing effect for banded dithered lights
 
### oit
 order independent transparency with 16 layers of depth peeling

### palette
 palette rendering example

### pong
 simple pong game that features pretty much everything a pong game needs

### ponger
 same pong with interpolation, extrapolation, fixed/relaxed timestep, and adjustable tickrate and framerate
 - space to pause the game and bring up simulation settings
 - there are four gamestates you can color differently
 - use fixed to toggle beetwen fixed/relaxed timestep
 - use slow to toggle slow mode to truly appreciat that 10 tickrate interpolation
 - tickrate defines physics updates per second for a fixed timestep
 - frametime sets a minimum time for a frame to update + render in ms to simulate lower framerates, affects relaxed timestep simulation
 - fluctuation adds random time in ms to each frame rendered to simulate unstable framerate

### ribbon
 randomly generated wavy terrain with evenly distributed UVs, side view
 WIP, more things are coming

### shady grass
 instanced grass generated and animated in a shader

### voxter
 voxel space algorithm that runs in a shader

Commit message:

added r3helper and voronoi to readme, removed ribbon and  r3 dupes

README.md, after:

# lovely little experiments
 is a collection of small projects you can run with [löve](https://love2d.org/)

### ad astra
 simple starfield rendering exploration
 - uv scrolling
 - 2d points mesh scrolling
 - 3d mesh dome rotation

### big squares
 proof of concept for "pixelart" upscaling using huge mesh and MSAA, plaese don't take it seriously

### bit umbra
 an experiment with *sort of* stencil 2d shadows/visibility that draws 64 shadowcasting 2D lights

### blood sample
 port of my old SDF raymarching shadertoy demo

### codenames
 codenames implementation for playing on streams

### deferred
 deferred lighting example, assets provided by @flamendless

### filmgrain
 a simplistic decent looking film grain post-processing effect in five lines of shader code

### glowybits
 blending/postprocessing effect for banded dithered lights

### palette
 palette rendering example

### pong
 simple pong game that features pretty much everything a pong game needs

### ponger
 same pong with interpolation, extrapolation, fixed/relaxed timestep, and adjustable tickrate and framerate
 - space to pause the game and bring up simulation settings
 - there are four gamestates you can color differently
 - use fixed to toggle beetwen fixed/relaxed timestep
 - use slow to toggle slow mode to truly appreciat that 10 tickrate interpolation
 - tickrate defines physics updates per second for a fixed timestep
 - frametime sets a minimum time for a frame to update + render in ms to simulate lower framerates, affects relaxed timestep simulation
 - fluctuation adds random time in ms to each frame rendered to simulate unstable framerate

### R3helper examples
 a set of 3d rendering programs using R3helper functions to simplify 3d transformations in löve
 in ascending complexity
 - spinning_cube - you would not believe what it does!
 - textures - adds textures to a cube
 - instancing - renders lots of cubes fast
 - depth peeling - order independent transparency with 16 layers
 - camera - it's almost like you're there!

### shady grass
 instanced grass generated and animated in a shader

### voronoi
 exploration of voronoi diagrams rendering using gpu thech

### voxter
 voxel space algorithm that runs in a shader
